Qazini Jobs Search Application

## Node Apollo GraphQL | Postgres | React | RapidAPI JSearch

Qazini is a job search site that utilizes technologies including Node Graphql with Apollo, Postgres using pg ORM(Object Relational Mapper) with its instance hosted on Render.com, React and RapidAPI JSearch as the jobs provider.

The frontend queries the jobs provider service for the latest jobs and receives 10 jobs for a freemium plan. The received jobs update the jobs array state in context, then the array is mapped through and jobs displayed on jobs feed.

Apollo client enables for caching and managing the loading states. GraphQL errors thrown on the Apollo server backend are actionable on the frontend with Apollo client, mostly shown on toasts.

The backend comes in if the user wants to save jobs from the jobs feed. They'll need to create an account first because only a registered/signed in users will access the board page to manage their account and view the jobs they saved (user info and saved jobs fetched from Postgres). Since the saved jobs reside on the database and not freshly fetched from JSearch, some jobs may overlive their expiry dates, so the job card for saved jobs comes with extra functionalities including support for delete, an operation that's not available on jobs feed cards.

The application's filter values are auto-generated by the received jobs, and also it has support for sort and search.

What is remaining: solve issues hosting backend as serverless, and upgrade my plan with RapidAPI as the freemium quota limit just got exhausted.

See the application [here](https://qazini-jobs.vercel.app)

###

### Technologies

- Apollo client & server
- Graphql
- Postgres
- RapidAPI
- Node.js
- React
- Tailwind
- JSON Web Tokens
- Context API

###

### Features

1. Actionable errors
1. Apollo Graphql API
1. Caching
1. Fully responsive
1. Autogenerated filter values
1. Sort and Search
1. Authentication and authorization
1. Postgres DB on Render
1. JWT protected routes
1. RapidAPI jobs provider

###

### Installation

1. Clone the repository `https://github.com/pptrgi/qazini-jobs.git`
2. Then navigate to the cloned project's dir `cd qazini-jobs`
3. Run `npm install` to install all dependencies
4. Start the development server with `npm start`

###

### Acknowledgements

I greatly thank Apollo, RapidAPI, Render, React and Tailwind for making this project a success.
